
This is the README file for the Zebra documentation directory.  All of the
manuals in this directory are in PostScript format.  Almost all of these
manuals are also available in HTML, or on-line through the Zebra home page:
		   
	http://www.atd.ucar.edu/rdp/zebra.html

Release.ps	-- Zebra Release Notes (12 pages) 

		   An overview of recent and past changes.  RELEASE.NOTES
		   in the top directory of the distribution is the ASCII
		   text version.

Install.ps	-- Zebra Installation Manual (55 pages)

		   The installation steps for binary and source releases,
		   including machine-dependent tips and suggestions.
		   
Intro.ps	-- Introducing Zebra (40 pages)

		   A guide to getting started with Zebra, including the
		   basics of the Zebra start-up script, user customization,
		   and a simple introduction to the online help system.
		   Much information still needs to be added.

AdvUsers.ps	-- Zebra Advanced User's Manual (188 pages)

		   Includes details on operating and configuring all of the
		   essential Zebra processes.  Information on real-time
		   processes and installations has been moved to the "Guide
		   to Realtime Zebra" manual.

Data.ps		-- Zebra Data Management Guide (31 pages)

		   A manual about the data management side of Zebra: file
		   formats, converters, ingestors, and other data
		   utilities.

Realtime.ps	-- Guide to Realtime Zebra (23 pages)

		   Information relevant to designing, setting up,
		   configuring, and maintaining real-time Zebra projects.

Library.ps	-- The Zebra Library Interface Manual (70 pages)

		   Describes all of the functions and types available in
		   the Zebra library, including the message manager and
		   timer interfaces, the plot description routines, the
		   graphics widget, and the simpler geographical types and
		   utilities.

DataStore.ps	-- The Zebra Data Store Interface Manual (155 pages)

		   Includes the data chunk model and interface, and the
		   data store query, storage, and retrieval interface.

Developer.ps	-- Zebra Developer's Guide (37 pages)

		   A general reference for those writing Zebra
		   applications.  At the moment it mainly contains details
		   on Zebra's Imake implementation and information on
		   setting up Imakefiles.

Overview.ps	-- A Superficial Overview of Zebra (5 pages)

		   An article giving an overview of Zebra.  This file
		   includes a color PostScript raster image of a typical
		   Zebra display, so you can print it only if you have a
		   color PostScript printer or a mono printer which can
		   greyscale or ignore the color image.

gp.ps		-- Graphics Process Structures and Internals Manual (28 pages)
		   
		   A preliminary description of the graphics process
		   internals, intended for programmers wishing to add
		   plotting capability to the graphics process.  Though
		   very out of date and incomplete, it still gives a
		   useful, functional, and relevant overview of the
		   implementation of the Zebra graphics process.
		   
gp-index.ps	-- Index to the Graphics Process Internals Manual

README		-- Zebra documentation summary.  This file.


$Id: README,v 1.2 1996-02-21 23:21:46 granger Exp $
