
The Showcases runtime file should not be version-controlled but generated
from a master version-controlled file only when it is not present.  The
proj_env or proj_startup scripts can copy the master to the runtime file if
the runtime does not exist.  Then there can be an option to reset the
showcases to the master file, or the master can be updated as new cases
need to be moved into the master.


Try using Chris' imagedump changes to periodically dump plots as xwd even
if plot window obscured.  Also try using perusal movie code to raise plot
window and call imagedump on it.

Code changes:

	Daemon should update unified cache file if set rather than
	platform cache files for cache-on-exit.  That keeps unified cache
	file up to date without needing to write into data directories
	or stepping on another daemon's toes.

	Define a new dm command to automatically generate an iconbar with a
	given name.  Pass a list of menu names or platform classes or an
	explicit list of platforms to generate entries for.  DM can pick
	appropriate entries by the organization of each platform.

	Make platform's organization available as a function in both gp and
	dm to allow intelligent decisions in modules without relying on
	project-specific platform names.  Allow platform class and parent
	information also.

Remove the conditionals from ds.config and just define all of the known ARM
platforms.  DelayDataDirs will keep directories from being created.

Separate platforms by project or platform category, such as SGP, UAV,
external, and TWP.  Read the platform definition files in ds.config as
needed.

There's no reason we can't have multiple iconbars, one for each site's set
of platforms.  UAV and SGP could be combined just by having their
respective platforms available on separate iconbars.  All those platforms
could be defined in menus, but only those with data would be activated.

Autoconfiguration:

	New dm command which says "this entry adds this platform to some
	window": use platform to set active state of entry, query platform
	for organization, check for an add-data command for that
	window.

	Three kinds of adds? add a new component, add to a component, or
	change an existing platform in a component, where add-to implies
	add-new if no component existing.

	Need menu entries which can be activated by any expression, such
	as a 'data available?' function or 'forecast platform?'  menus
	can stay the same, but irrelevant entries (such as forecast options
	for non-forecast grids) will be inactive.  Alternative is to set the
	menus for a component or active area using conditional tests of
	those expressions.

For configurations built up of library window pd's: add a parameter to the
window which references the library pd.  Rather than write the pd into the
.dc file, use the named pd already loaded.

How to accomodate platform name migrations from development (D) to
production?

Separate platform definitions into files: ds/sgp/{profilers,smos,...},
ds/external/..., ds/uav and read them in ds.config.  Always define
all platforms but set delaydatadirs true.

Add option to dsdwidget to skip platforms with no data, use that option in
ARM config except for "all platforms" option?  Or make it a toggle button?


