Documentation of CVS Tags for this project
------------------------------------------

Project_Juneau: 1.1.1

	The vendor branch onto which Chris copy of the project, from
	/zeb/chris/juneau, was first imported.

Tag_Juneau_Import: 1.1.1.1

	The tag for the initial import, which corresponds to the copy
	in /zeb/chris/juneau as of 25 March 1997.

Tag_Merged_JNU_NWS_970325:

	The point at which the copy of the project on jnu_wind, as of 25
	March 1997, was merged into the trunk.  The project version with
	this tag is almost an exact copy of the version copied from
	jnu_wind, except for a couple changes made in /zeb/chris/juneau
	which looked like they needed to be kept. (I think an example is a
	call to dc_DestroyDC in one of the derivation programs.)

	This is also the point after which Gary started making changes and
	adding the profiler display.

Added icons/sheep_mount_x link to makelinks.  Added ./modules to require
path in gp.init.

Added prof_atd/prof915l platform to ds.config and to LastData.config.
Copied iss and iss-new modules from coare config into juneau/modules.
Created profiler display configuration and added two new windows using
rass-template and wind-template library plot descriptions.  Edited the
window pd's, changing the platforms and a few other parameters.  Saved the
configuration as dconfig/profiler.dc.

Added test in dm.config for 'jadmin' project, which is just a link to
'juneau' project directory.  It chooses the gp init file and iconbar and
other settings according to whether we're running the restricted,
operational configuration or the administration configuration.  It would be
nice, though, if we could leave the iconbar size unspecified in display
configurations so that it can choose a default size.  All we really need
for the icon bar is a location and an orientation (h or v).  The size
should be whatever fits.

The restricted gp.init pre-empts the modules and icons paths with the
respective directories under ./restricted.  So far only the global icon is
overridden, with a copy of the 'tiny' bitmap.  Likewise the admin gp.init
prepends the admin paths, but those don't actually contain anything extra
at the moment.

dm.config loads the IconBar in either ./admin or ./restricted, depending on
the value of the Admin variable.  The correct gp.init argument is picked by
setting the Default and Graphic process prototypes in DisplayConfigs.  Note
that those definitions take precedence over the 'fallback' prototypes in
the .dc files.

Tag_NWS_Test_970327:

	The version used for NWS testing on jnu_term and jnu_wind on the
	morning of 27 Mar 1997.

Things to do after 11:30, 970327 NWS test:

   x	remove the airport window in the "all" configuration

   x	make sure zebra icon appear in space between windows

   x	lower wind plot by about 50 pixels to make room for system xclock

   x	leave data-skip on wind plot at 1, though it was originally set
	there accidentally

   x	popup time control window automatically, preferrably around space
	between windows so that either "System Time" shows through or the
	real time and set time buttons

   x	add time control to zebra iconbar menu

   x	leave the time/title in the wind plot top annotation

   x	add time-height-winds menu to right button (already on left)

   x	add menu options for plotting barbs in knots and choosing between
	every point and every other point

	send changes to jnu_wind in juneau.3 and update ~zuser/.xinitrc
	before 16:00 today


Bug in xywind module: setting data-skip to 1 plots every *other* point
rather than every point.

Its possible to raise time and iconbar above graphics windows with this
dm command:

	shell "(sleep 5; zrun Displaymgr 'popup time; popup iconbar') &"

The problem is not knowing how long the delay should be.

Look into why zebra slow to startup on jnu_term.  Even though datastore
large, cache files should exist.  Is daemon trusting the stat times in the
cache?  Should it?  Or is the delay in merely stat()'ing each file to see
if its mtime differs from the cache?

We could set each file constant, which means new files will be found, but
not the most recent data in those files, so we could still be several hours
off without a rescan.

Tag_NWS_970327_3:

	Version installed on jnu_wind under project directory juneau.3

Next version needed for sea_aops machine.  The default display should be
like the all.dc config but without the profiler plot and the time widget,
and without a menu entry for the time widget in the iconbar.

	Use a second link to juneau project dir called airport; check for
	it in dm.config and set the default config and the EnableTimePopup
	variable accordingly.

	restricted/IconBar tests EnableTimePopup for whether to include a
	time widget menu entry.

Put the runtime project config links inside the project directory and add
them to the makelinks script.  Then they won't clutter the project
directory, and referring to them as juneau/airport and/or juneau/jadmin or
juneau/default is more descriptive.

Tag_Juneau_970331_4:

	juneau.4 directory tagged and installed on sea_aops, 970331.

Andrew Weekley wants to be able to plot turbulence in a time-height filled
contour.  Time to figure out why I couldn't get contouring to work on the
profiler data.  Answer: need to show more than 4 hours of profiles to get
enough data to contour.

Phone mail from Bob x8410, 2 Apr:

	Among other things, allow for adjusting lag time in data according
	to whether we're in alaska or at rap, or freq of rsyncs, or whatever

The age limit parameters are chosen from different components of the ages
pd and dropped into defaults in dm.config.  The relaxed limits for sync'ing
data are chosen by adding 'syncdata' to the project path, while the
shortest limits can be set explicitly by adding 'realtime' to the path,
though they are the default.  Both names are links to '.' in the project
directory.

Tag_Juneau_970402_5:

	juneau.5 tagged and installed on sea_aops and jnu_term

----- Email from Bob:	

Looks like things are coming together on sea_aops. I am hoping the
Santiago will install it in Seattle during the week of April 14.  

While I am in Juneau this time (April 8-28) I will try to get some more
anemometers hooked up to the jnu_aops machine. I think they will have 1
second data that will need to have a 1 minute high, low, and average
computed and displayed as is done now for the raw_mt_roberts. Would it
be possible to use a median rather that the mean and use 5th and 95th
percentile rather than min and max? Anyway, I will probably call you
for support on the ingesters, since no doubt these sensors will have
different formats...
	
-----
	
Things to do:

	Make copies of .xinitrc and .fvwm2rc from ~zuser on jnu_term and
	sea_aops.  Add hostname check for startup zebra config?  Keep
	copies in juneau project directory.  (Make ~ files links to the
	files in juneau project?)

   x	Wrong Xserver virtual screen size on sea_aops: screen scrolls when
	pointer moved past edge.

	Colormap problem on sea_aops:

		Check xf86config for depth being used

		Check version of xf86 being used and for newer version

		Chris says they're using S3 X server.

		Restarting fvwm2 does not fix the problem; must restart X.

		Check fvwm2 web page or FAQ for colormap bugs.  Santiago
		will check for patterns in graphics card and/or X server.

	sea_aops using Number Nine card with CL GD64xx chipset, _I182?
	xfree86 3.2 server.

Maybe as a start we set a parameter which just forces the graphics process
to keep all the colors it allocates, either permanently or until the next
reconfig.  If small change, make it on juneau branch and merge onto trunk.

	Added FreeColors(pd) routine which searchs for the "keep-colors"
	parameter and does not call ct_FreeColors if true.  The rest of the
	graphics process calls FreeColors() instead of ct_FreeColors().

Santiago reports /tmp filling up, probably due to gp cache files.  Set
file-path and max-frames appropriately.

----------------

Integrating Gary Cunning and Andrew Weekly analysis configuration needs in
juneau:project/juneau:

	ISS winds @ some height on a station plot (use active area menu
	which sets the dimension parameter to slice the station quadrant at
	a particular height).

	time series window for any station (5), with all of the usual
	editing capabilities

	ability to start individual windows and add them to the current
	display

----------------

Tag_Juneau_6 on 20-may-1997, 10:00.

Change iconbar width and height to zero so that it sizes itself
automatically.  Only the location is explicitly set.  The zeroes will be
overwritten when a configuration is saved, but the code could be changed to
not overwrite zero widths and heights.

